
In any area of life, whether it'd be education, family, work, there comes a time where people change. For some, this could be a big event that strikes when they least expect it, for others, it happens daily. It could also happen to anybody, although a reasonable proficiency in self-reflection is preferred, that they suddenly get the urge to change their identity. To me, if the consciousness is a puzzle, then identity would be the piece that you know for a fact, where it belongs in the picture. It connects all the surrounding pieces and allows you to see everything more clearly and with certainty. Nevertheless, people still ask the age-old question: Who am I? I like to define my identity by two factors: External and internal. The former being what people say you are, and the latter being who you think you are.

In the external world, who you seem to be is who you are. In other words, my identity as who people say I am. I am from Taiwan, and have been acquainted with its culture for all my life, its language, its food, its values, and everything in between. I am a student, studying at this university with all these different people. I am a game developer, that is what I want to pursue a career in. All these identities are what people say I am, and perhaps to a certain extent, how I introduce myself to others. These are concepts that I want people to associate with me, for I don't try to change my nationality, my job, nor abandon my education. It is then sufficient to say that this is who I am.

However, my external identity is constantly clashing with my internal thoughts and experiences. Although I am a student, I constantly regret my decision to attend a high school that uses the IB system, where I learned not only what I have no interest in, but also what I do not need. I also associate myself with being a game developer, but I haven't touched my project in months, dreading the process of even touching a game. Most importantly, although I may be Taiwanese, I do not know how to respond when confronted with a question of my culture. As Taiye Selasi stated in her Ted Talk, I am not a "local" Taiwanese person. She also talked about how experiences shape a large part of one's identity, which I think much of my identity is formed.

By contrast, my internal world is messy and constantly processing new shifts in my identity. My identity as a Taiwanese person is in conflict with my constant exposure to western media. The internal factors are more or less also shaped my external events, such as my beliefs and psyche. To that end, the external events are nothing more than a catalyst of change. Such a change is mentioned in Beverly Daniel Tantum's Essay "The Complexity of Identity: 'Who Am I?'", a term called "Identity crisis" which often occurs during puberty. Such catalysts of change are what actually shapes my identity and not the external world. 

I remember my first identity crisis like it was yesterday. I was sitting in the back seat of my parent's car on the way to a restaurant. One moment I was okay, but the next, I was not. I was overwhelmed by all these different emotions: shock, confusion, fear, anxiety, hopelessness. I suddenly lost all sense of self and who I am and broke down crying. My parents' reactions were the least of my concerns, for I had to find out who I am and what was wrong with me. The process was steady after I had calmed down. I abandoned myself and it was of utmost importance for me to rebuild it. So I did, starting with my purpose of existence. The process is rather tedious so I won't go into detail, but my gut feelings told me that the most important thing to figure out was my existence, and that reflects on to myself to this day in my daily existential daydreams.

In the end, I feel like what makes up my unique identity isn't what people say it is, nor controlled by my actions, but rather by my experiences that include external and internal factors. I like to think of it as a sort of net in the vast ocean, catching whatever flows into it, and perhaps by chance, if the object is sharp or deformed, cut the net or entangle it into a different shape. 