1. How do you feel when you hear someone speaking English with an accent? Are some accents more acceptable to you than others? What images come to mind? Where do you think your opinions of people’s accents have come from?

I have mostly gotten used to people speaking English with an accent so I would rarely notice it. An exception is when the content is crucial to the conversation and the accent is ineligible, but still then I only notice it and ask them to kindly repeat what they said. I would say that every accent is acceptable as long as it is eligible, and would go as far as to say that some accents are very attractive and paints a layer of personality on the speaker. The first image that comes to mind is an Indian professor with a heavy accent that nobody can understand, a student’s worst nightmare. My opinion came from my experience as a non-native speaker and hence have had a lot of experience with other non-native speakers and have gotten used to it, and besides, every non-native speaker started somewhere so naturally would have more acceptance towards others who are struggling.

2. Find an example, in the news media or on social media, of language being used as a way to discriminate against someone. Please provide a link to the example

https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/eight-reasons-scared-china
In this article, language is clearly used in a biased way to induce fear to the audience. Starting from the title, "eight reasons to be scared of China", although one can argue that this is merely raising awareness towards a threat, this language is stereotyping against the entirety of China. Furthermore, the way the title is phrased attracts an audience that is already scared of China and are looking for more reasons to be even more scared. The language in the article is also used to paint (and therefore discriminate against) Xi Jing Ping as some sort of supervillain. Phrases such as "Xi Jing Ping can do whatever he wants" and "Xi Jing Ping does not care".

3. What are some other ways (at least 2) in which we can discriminate against someone through language? Make sure you cite the source.

Language can be used to target specific groups, one example is through microaggressions by making discriminatory remarks about a group through backhanded complements, racial profiling, or being dismissive of one's identity. Another more commonly seen way that language is used to discriminate against others is through derogatory language. It is mainly self explanatory but it can be used to target a person's race, religion, ethnicity, or gender.