
### Shapeshifters
- “deer woman” lures men into the woods and kill them - allegedly a way of fighting back against colonisers
- Virginia Dare suspected to be taken by native peoples, fell in love with a warrior and killed and became a spirit “white deer”
- An excuse for white men to hide the reality of colonisation instead like a “tale of a monster”, hiding the horrors of their atrocities
- Captivity narratives: a genre of stories. Tales of the white to tell their tales of colonisation to get away to 

### Sex with the devil
- Poeple moved in to massachusetts and found group of people called “puritans” who are Protestant and misogynists.
- People started accusing others of being witches and practicing witchcraft
- Framed native Americans as “creatures of the devil” and accused of witchcraft
- Puritans accused native Americans of having “special relationships with satan”
- They believe that the witch was the first “sexy monster” uh idk

### Mastering frontier monsters
- Frontier: underdeveloped places. “Western edge of America”.
- Frontier monsters are mythical creatures or even real monsters like predators.
- This is due to the western part not being explored thoroughly.
- Both real and symbolic monsters
- Later on
- Slavery as a monster
- Thomas Jefferson had notes about African males as orangutans and apes, while describing African women as African women

### Ghosts of the trade
- Europeans rose in power and traded guns and metal to Africa.
- Slave ship that transported the slaves were in conditions so bad that slaves can suffocate.
- Slave ship covered in blood, resembles slaughterhouse
- Slaves made the folklore story connecting the Color “white” with horror
- Slaves believe slave catchers are cannibals, because they light fires and slaves thought they were cooking fires
- Slaves saw slave catchers as vampires since they saw them drinking red wine not knowing the drink
### The people of the plantation