1. What would you choose to do if you had unlimited free time? Why would you choose those activities? What is keeping you from spending more time on those activities? (350 words)
If I had unlimited free time, I would find a good day and sit outside with a book and finish it in that day. I would learn more skills like rock climbing and spend more time training and working out to become better. I would learn how to create better games and educate myself in different fields. I would learn how to write and then write a book. I’ve always wanted to make a documentary so I will also do that. Furthermore, I would spend more time in nature and exploration, since I love exploring places I’ve never been to. Additionally, if free time means that other people also have unlimited free time, I would spend more  time with other people and build amazing relationships. Dreams aside, I would also spend time on myself and improving my happiness since I now have a lot of time to myself and if I don’t use it, things will get bad. Things like PERMA and other evaluation tools would be helpful in improving my overall contentment. I chose these activities because these are all what I currently fail to do, whether it is really deeply relaxing (the kind where you have nothing to stress about), improving my skills in an interest or hobby, increasing my literacy and physical health, or even taking care of myself. Of course I know that I can do it now, but there are just too many priorities now. To answer the last question, I can’t be doing all these activities since I have different responsibilities, whether it is related to my pursuit of a degree, working on my career, maintaining my current deteriorating mental and physical health, or just worrying about everything. Realistically however, nothing is holding me back from doing all these things, but probably myself. I’ve realised that I have enough time every day to work on schoolwork, maintaining my health, and de-stressing; but never enough time to take on something new. Or perhaps it has something to do with my mindset, I should theoretically be able to replace my current useless leisure activities with better, more productive leisure activities.

What did you do with the extra 80+ minutes you had in your schedule today? Review your discussion post from last week ([What would you do if you had more free time?](https://utah.instructure.com/courses/884226/discussion_topics/6061678 "What would you do if you had more free time?")). Please consider and identify the factors that facilitated or constrained your ability to do one of the activities you identified in your previous post. Was having more free time really enough to facilitate one of your preferred activities? Did you do one of the things you mentioned in your post? If so, describe that experience and how you accomplished it. If not, please describe what constraints directed your activity elsewhere. (200 words)

With the 80+ minutes of free time I went home and had a lot more time to finish up the rest of the week's work and so I did. While it did not directly contribute to me spending more time on the activities I mentioned, that is, I did not use the extra time for my preferred activities, but for my other priorities like schoolwork. However, that did in turn create more time for me later on to spend on things I like to do such as cooking and reading. The factors that effected me the most are probably time management and poor decision making. I tend to have a lot of things going on at once and that overwhelms me and requires me to manage my time, and also procrastination. I also tend to prioritize the wrong things and spend too much time on leisure activities that aren't actually productive such as playing games. I ended up spending my time on schoolwork and spending time with friends. In the end, I didn't get to do a preferred activity, mainly because of the time constraint and the relative insignificance of the freed up time. I would much rather not have to worry about grocery shopping during a hike on a Saturday.