Each Experience Exercise is meant to give students real life application experiencing, analyzing, and reflecting on principles of positive psychology and the role of leisure. Choose one Experience Exercise from the list below. Carefully follow the prompts, then report about your experience in a **2-3 page paper** that is double-spaced and follows APA format. Papers longer than four pages will be penalized. Students can include an appendix of related paperwork not counted in the 3 page maximum. Include and cite at least one appropriate reference in your paper.

1. **Signature Strengths.** Complete the [Via Signature Strengths survey](https://www.viacharacter.org/account/register). Plan for the survey to take about 15 minutes. Please attach the results of the survey to your appendix. Review your results and consider how these strengths appear in your life and how you can identify opportunities where you can take advantage of your strengths. For example, if curiosity is one of your signature strengths, write about the ways that you are able to be curious. Then consider what additional ways you could integrate opportunities to be curious.

### Introduction
- Summarize the prompt
- In this exercise I am going to utilize the results from the “VIA Signature Strengths” survey to help me identify my strengths and weaknesses and how I can implement them in my daily life. The survey tests the subject on their character strengths and help them explore their potential and hopefully lead to a happier life.

### BP1
First off, the results show that my number one strength is “Appreciation of beauty and excellence”, and I agree that it is one of my most prominent attributes, but whether or not it deserves the number one place is still uncertain. This strength is categorized under the “Transcendence” category, which is defined by Martin Seligman to be interchangeable with “spirituality”, however, he states that the word “Transcendence” does not imply religiousness to the strength, which is the reason why he uses it (Seligman, 2011). He explains that transcendence means to reach beyond oneself to connect with something larger and permanent (Seligman, 2011). The strength of “Appreciation of beauty” is elaborated upon as “You smell the roses”, and appreciation of skills and beauty in all domains such as science and math, and also everyday life (Seligman, 2011). This sounds very much like me, since I do appreciate the beauty and elegance of maths, and I do stop and smell the roses. As I thought of what I can do to take advantage of this strength, I actually remembered that I have a lot of goals already correlated with this strength. For example, I have a bucket list that I plan on completing here in Utah or at least somewhere along the line, one of them which is mocked by some peers is that I want to walk home from school one day, preferably in the snow, which would take at least an hour. There is something profound that rushes through me whenever I think of walking in the snow, the beautiful whiteness that swallows all the colors paired with the night view, perhaps even a sunset. There are a lot more things that I want to do that are related to the appreciation of beauty strength, but it is mostly related to solitude. In addition to appreciation of nature, after I did the strength survey, I actually went to a museum and had an amazing experience, which I think also reflects the strength. At first, I didn’t even know that this is a strength, I simply thought that my mind was different than others. Ever since I found that this was a strength, I started to appreciate this strength more and stop to savor the everyday views. Doing so have allowed me to be more happy whenever I can space out at whatever view there it.

### BP2
The second strength is humor, which was in the fifth place, however, it is in the same category as appreciation of beauty, which is transcendence, so it would be more convenient to cluster them together. Seligman defined this strength as “seeing the light side of life” and making people laugh (2011). My first instinct towards this result is not too surprising, since I do, very often, try to make my friends laugh as much as possible. I have this philosophy which I picked up somewhere that I try to make the person who is in a conversation with me, walk away from the conversation with a better day before the conversation. Additionally, I do think that people should take life less seriously, since our existence really doesn’t matter in the grand scheme of things, and we are all just a “spec of dust” in the universe. Previously, I have used this strength to lighten up the mood within my friend groups and also to make people laugh and have a good time. However, I do think that now that I am in a new environment, a new country even, that I am far from comfortable enough to make as much jokes as I did in the past. To make this side of me more happy, I should engage in fun activities that facilitates my joking personality, or perhaps finally make up my mind and start the YouTube channel that I always wanted. Overall, this strength could appear more in my life if I want to be happier.

### BP3
Next, is the “forgiveness” strength, 