Write a short reflection about your Workview.  This should take about thirty minutes.  Shoot for about 250 words—less than a page of typed writing.  A Workview is your philosophy of work—what it’s for and why you do it.  
Next, write a short reflection about your Lifeview.  This should also take no more than thirty minutes and be 250 words or so.  A Lifeview is your ideas about the world and how it works.  What gives life meaning? What makes your life worthwhile or valuable?  How does your life relate to others in your family, your community, and the world? 
Read over your Workview and Lifeview, and write your answer to these questions: Where do your views on work and life complement one another?  Where do they clash?  Does one drive the other? How?

Workview is defined as my philosophy of work. Currently, elements of work only appear in my life in a few forms: school, internships, non-career jobs, and future jobs. Out of the list, school is the only one present in my life in terms of the status quo, and the others I have only thought about. For me, school is a place where I can gain knowledge to grow and to help me pursue my dream career of being a game developer, it is merely a part of the process. For internships, my philosophy is that I can challenge my opinions and biases for my dream job, while learning and gaining experience to make the process easier. For non-career jobs, my purpose is simply to get money or any other thing of value, jobs like cashiering, stocking, serving, I would consider them worth my time for the money I get in return, since, quite frankly, we’re all broke college students. For my future job, which is developing games, I haven’t gotten there yet, but I have spent quite a lot of time contemplating about it. When people hear that I want to do game development, they ask me why I want to do it, saying that it is less paying, highly competitive, and is quite honestly seen as a bad job by parents. My view is that game development is an art or a medium, one that can present emotions and tell stories like no other medium can. I would consider myself an artist in some ways, but developing games, for me, is about creating an escape for those who feel lost in the real world, somewhere better than the world we live in.

Lifeview is my idea of the world and how it works. I think the meaning in life is the same old “what you make of it”; for me, life is all about enjoying the journey, and we ultimately have no control over where it takes us, so we might as well enjoy the view and savor our happy moments before it all goes away some day. I used to think that life was meaningless as a teenager, pretty normal behavior for that age, but then I decided to go against meaning and let go of trying to make something of life. Life is worthwhile and maybe even a gift for me, some aspects of life like creation, learning, and emotions are all things that I would definitely miss out on if I hadn’t existed. Creation is the most inspiring thing in my life, as I would randomly think of something and make an idea into reality, that’s literally manifesting thoughts! Learning is also a big part of my life as I have an urge to learn a lot of things, useful or useless, sometimes to my detriment. To learn is to pass on the knowledge of life and the people who came before me, and that is enough of a participation in something bigger. Emotions are also one of the things that I am grateful for having. Having the capacity to feel all these ranges of emotions are what makes life beautiful, or to be able to feel beauty. They have been a big part of my life since I am quite emotional sometimes. My life is connected to others through our friendships and relationships, I would consider myself a great friend, brother, and son. This is also a big part of life, forming relationships that are bonded by the force of nature and the idea that people will be there for me, and I, for them, is quite a comforting thought. 

I think my Workview and Lifeview really complement each other in terms of what satisfies me in my life. For example, my lifeview is that life doesn't have to be that competitive and stressful and that everything will eventually come together if I go in the right direction. This complements my Workview that I want to work in a competitive industry only because it is my hobby. However, my Workview and lifeview also clash in this context. While I enjoy making games, I also haven't yet professionally worked in the industry yet, and I am yet to be sure of the meaning that it will bring me. Lastly, my Workview is often driven by my Lifeview; I mentioned that what makes my life worthwhile is creation, learning, and emotions. All of these aspects can be incorporated (at least i've tried) into my work, and hence bring me meaning and fulfillment. However, I can also think of other alternatives that also fulfill these requirements like doing some art related things, it's just that I have the most experience with games.