about 300-500 words each

Points: 
- Factors that affected my mood when doing the activities
	- Use the AEIOU method (Activities, Environment, Interactions, Objects, Users)
	- At one point, roommate was so present as a factor of my mood, I abbreviated him into RM(roommate)
- Activities that gave me flow
- Personal biases
	- How I rarely wrote myself down to be in a negative mood a lot of the time. Could be due to background mood or something related to the hedonic treadmill and my baseline happiness.
### Week 1
One week into doing the Good Time Journal exercise so far, and there are a couple of things that I’ve noticed. Before I started the journal, I’ve had an anticipation period that allowed me to start noticing the different events in my life that could be counted as an activity. I’ve also started to notice my emotions more frequently during that period of time, trying to keep track of them. I calculated the time and expected to start my journal on Monday to achieve two perfect weeks including my weekend activities during these two full weeks. My journal roughly documents the rather light and laid-back life that I live. Activities like every meal, every thing that was big enough to be a part of my day, and also some side notes that can lead future me to understand some factors behind the reasons why I filled my gauges like it is. I also noticed that I tend to include every meal and activities like showering, and gave it some thought on why that is. I also found that activities that induced **flow** were aligned with my hobbies, including cooking, reading, and playing games. This is quite interesting to see but unsurprising at the same time since **flow** happens when my skill matches the level of challenge. I found that I like to keep things like a ritual and routine, when all is stable, I can more easily find out what else is my mood heavily dependent on, so I can improve my life and feel happier more often. This ritualistic aspect is kind of like an extension from the AEIOU method (which I will talk about next week) about finding all the factors that affected my mood. I noticed, in hindsight, that a lot of the activities that I would consider negative were quite positive at the time of evaluation. I have a theory to why that is. I felt like there was a lot more things going on in my head than in real life to the point where if my mind is not clouded with thoughts, it would be more likely that I would be in a good mood. I can probably understand more in the next week as I can start noticing more details about my life.
### Week 2
I want to start with my findings about the evaluation methods. As I mentioned in the last reflection, I noticed that the activity itself had less to do with my mood at the time than other factors. Factors like my roommate’s presence, my friend’s presence, what I ate, what class I was in, or even the weather. For example, I have recorded my state of being every day I ate breakfast, and the distinctions came down to whether my roommate is present (whether or not I can make noise since he sleeps in the living room), what I ate (good food = good mood), and what time I woke up (the later I wake up, the more guilty and less happy I feel). During some activities, I noticed that my mood changed during the activity itself, breaking this idea in my head that moods can only change after an activity is completed. Another thing that I found that could throw my results off is subjectivity bias, which my state of being is only recorded by myself by my standards. It is quite evident when I noticed that I was rarely in a negative mood, which reflects my evaluation standards, but in truth, I felt negative more than I wrote down. I theorized that it could be due to some background mood or the **hedonic treadmill** that every time I was in an activity, I would be doing something positive since I consider, subconsciously, that doing anything is subjectively going to make me happier than doing nothing and let my mind wander. Funnily enough, this also intrigues me since I wrote down that I was in a good mood during commutes from and to school (during which I blank out) almost every entry. Quite an interesting connection to transitional spaces and their effects on mood, making progress but also giving room for thoughts. Going off of the AEIOU method, I found that, as I mentioned previously, that the activities themselves rarely contributed to my state of being, but rather the many other factors that I was experiencing at the time. Funny thing that I didn’t mention is that I actually switched the genre of the music I listened to after the first week to see what would happen (mostly because I got sick of my old taste in music), this could be put into the objects category, since most of the time I had my phone with me, which I use to play music or text friends. Environment-wise, I noticed that I had a better chance of being in a good mood when I was outside and worse when I was at home, the first theory that came to mind is **flow**, this being that I would be in a semi-flow state every time I wasn’t at the comfort of my own home, but rather outside in the harsh winter weather, making it hard to get bored. In terms of interaction, I would consider my roommate’s presence a big determinant of my mood, since he games very loudly and it annoys me, and he would provide non-constructive criticism to my cooking when I didn’t ask him for it, this got to the point where I would abbreviate roommate into RM. Over the two weeks, I noticed that flow is not merely an on-or-off switch, but more of a slider, being cranked to max whenever everything comes together and I lose track of everything, but not fully absent either during other times where only a few things align. 

### Peak Experience
To provide some context, I will roughly describe the event. The journal entry is composed of the activities that I did during a game jam which lasted three days. A game jam is where a person (or a team) develops a video game in a few days based off of a theme to inspire them. This journal entry is based on a game jam that I did a few years back, during which I had one of the most flow-inducing experiences in my life up to that point, to the point that I forgot to eat, sleep, take breaks and all that. One thing that I struggled with is remembering the flow of events, so unlike my usual journal entries, I didn’t do this one in chronological order since I can’t remember them well enough, but I figured that the rest of the activities I can remember pretty well. Another distinction between this entry and the others is its abundance of flow experiences. I found that almost every activity I did was a flow experience, I would think because of the experience being a competition, and also all the activities were skills that I had some knowledge to work off of, so it made it really easy to produce flow. 