Prompt:
Finally, students will complete a reflection essay of their Imagine U experience.  Be sure to (1) apply and integrate at least **four principles** (BOLD!!!!!) from class into this written response. (2) Include a discussion about how their experiences aligned with the U of U Mission Statement and/or Core Values. Finally, (3) students should identify and describe future Imagine U plans they have in mind for the remainder of their time at the university. This essay (3-4 pages) will be graded on content and quality of expression. It should also be written in APA format.

Throughout the semester, the Imagine U activity has brought me both excitement and dread. Excitement in the sense that it gave me more motivation or rather an excuse to do things I would like to do. However, I would also dread some of the activities that would require me to step out of my comfort zone. For instance, I have always wanted to go hiking and visit all the museums there is, and now I have an excuse to go, but at the same time, I have always hated going to the gym, especially in the school recreation center, since there are a lot more people there, and I would become all the more anxious.

Going into the activities in detail, after we learned about the **theory of PERMA** proposed by Martin Seligman, I have intentionally reflected on myself and my state of being when doing the Imagine U activities. The PERMA model is composed of five elements: Positive emotion, engagement, relationships, meaning, and accomplishments. These are the elements that people need to fulfill to achieve a healthy senes of well-being. While I was doing the things that I was excited about, I noticed that when some of the elements are present, I felt a significant sense of happiness. For example, when I went hiking with a friend, I noticed that I felt unusually happy, which matches the description of positive emotion, “absent of negative emotions”, moreover, I was satisfied that I had a partner accompanying my hike, fulfilling the relationships criteria. 

A similar thing also happened to me after I learned about my **Signature Strengths**. I found out that some of the qualities of my personality wasn’t simply a trait, but something that is special to me. My top quality was “Appreciation of beauty and excellence”, and ever since I found that out, I have enjoyed the beautiful things even more. When I noticed the flowers, the clouds, or the sunset, I thought to myself that some people don’t **savor** the beauty in life the same way I do, and that makes the experience all the more special. While this is not a part of the Imagine U activity, it is present in almost every activity. A very prominent example is my experience visiting the museums. When I visited an art museum, I would think about the artist and try to see what they saw, and it only made me appreciate the art even more. The same thing with archeology museums, where I looked specifically at the background stories of the fossils and the history of it all. The Imagine U process also helped me find where I was weakest, as I don’t show a lot of energy, and since zest is my weakest signature strength, I can target specific traits I want to grow in my life through the activities.

During the entire Imagine U process, there was also a significant amount of time where I had a **flow** experience. Elements of flow include clear goals, balance, concentration on the task, loss of self, sense of control, lose track of time, and intrinsic motivation. Most of the activities can be talked about in terms of flow since it is a flexible topic. In fact, most of the activities are enhanced because of the clear goal of “take a selfie doing the activity”, which allows us to focus on the task towards the goal. With this, I can confidently say that most of my activities like hiking and going to museums are accompanied by flow experiences. However, one element of flow involved losing the sense of self, and while in the gym, I became very self conscious, which completely removed the feeling of flow. 

It was also surprising to me that there were so many **types of motivation**, of which almost all of them were present at least once in my Imagine U activities. Originally, my club activities were done through intrinsic motivation, however, what fascinated me was that as soon as it became a task in the Imagine U plan, it became an extrinsic motivation. I think that this happens because of loss of choice, and when we don’t have a choice, it becomes a chore. Another example is going to the recreation center, since I already don’t like going to the gym, which is amotivation, the definition of leisure requires us to have free choice, but if I clearly have no free choice, I wouldn’t consider this activity a leisure activity. 

My experiences have somewhat been connected to University of Utah’s core values. The first core value mentions that the U provides financial assistance, personalized support, and engaged learning experiences. My experiences have aligned with this value since the time that I have been participating in the Imagine U activities, I was engaged and learning. Somewhat related, is core value number 5, global vision and strategy, which engages with international studying, teaching, research and service. This aligns with my experience since my very being as an international student is itself in alignment with the value, and by participating and using campus resources, I have myself experienced the U. 

I have found that the Imagine U activities has helped me make new friends and have been overall helpful in enhancing my experience at the university. That being said, there could have been more random activities in the U to participate in the future. For example, I would take photos of random corners across the campus which I thought was pretty, and I can see people in the future advertising as some people have, in campus around crowded areas. The essence of Imagine U is, as I see, using the campus to achieve personal growth, and based on that definition, I would also say using the advising resources and the cultural events that happen once in a while. Personally, I will definitely continue to participate in different clubs, hike many more trails, visit many museums, and attend many more theatre performances in the future.